Ouch, Director Guy will check it first
You still have the heart to make fun of me
I'm out of luck, can you support it?
How can that be?
Their revolutionary friendship endures forever
As soon as it melts, it melts and loses.
I'm here to help you. If you say less, you will help me
Oops, I just poked such a big building because I said less
At this time, I have already lied, so I can't rush it.
Can you sit as soon as the boss's front foot leaves?
It's going to be next month in a week
I can only blame myself for my bad luck
Who knew he would return again?
Hey, that Zhang Boran is very close to Tang Jian
Lao Qian, you have to be careful
I can still let that hairy boy bully you, I have already let that hairy boy bully you
Hello, Mr. Tang
I'm Liu Ying.
Don't worry, speak slowly
My husband suddenly refuses to admit that he is raising women outside
And now he's accusing me of slandering him.
But now I can't catch him, and I can't catch him anywhere
I already thought of it
Once a lawsuit is involved
The human instinct is to protect ourselves
But what should I do now?
You go to the law firm first and change to a first attorney
Then we'll figure it out. Hmm.
But who should I replace?
Well, Zhang Moran, that kid
Will he sue?
Isn't there me?
Oh, I remember now.
That kid is very protective of you
Go ahead, that's fine, fine